Never Lie is a novel by Freida McFadden. It is a work of fiction. The names, characters, incidents and places are the products of the authors’ imagination. None of the characters in the book is based on an actual person and any resemblance to persons living or dead is entirely coincidental and unintentional. Nobody called the number to report the broken vending machine, even though the number belonged to a researcher. Everybody lies, especially if they are unskilled and untruthful. A lie detector has a 25% error rate, but a trained psychiatrist can be more accurate than that and knows the truth.    The book is divided into four parts. The Prologue, Chapter 1, Chapter 2, Chapter 3, Chapter 4, Chapter 5, Chapter 6, Chapter 7, Chapter 8, Chapter 9, Chapter 10, Chapter 11, Chapter 12, Chapter 13, Chapter 14, Chapter 15, Chapter 16, Chapter 17, Chapter 18, Chapter 19, Chapter 20, Chapter 21, Chapter 22, Chapter 23, Chapter 24, Chapter 25, Chapter 26, Chapter 27, Chapter 28, Chapter 29, Chapter 30, Chapter 31, Chapter 32, Chapter 33, Chapter 38, Chapter 39, Chapter 40, Chapter 41, Chapter 43, Chapter 44, Chapter 45, Chapter 46, Chapter 47, Chapter 48, Chapter 49, Chapter 50, Chapter 51, Chapter 52, Chapter 53, Chapter 54.
It's snowing heavily. Tricia and Ethan are driving in the snow in their BMW. They have been driving for almost two hours to get there. They are ten minutes away from the house. Ethan wants to turn around and go home, but Tricia insists on following the directions. Trisha and Ethan have been married for six months. She met Ethan in a coffee shop. She broke up with her boyfriend of over a year to marry him. They met in the coffee shop and moved to the suburbs six months later. Ethan doesn't know about the secret about Tricia's secret boyfriend yet.       .   and she's still learning about Ethan.  The more she learns about him, the more she falls in love with him.
Ethan and Judy are looking for a house to buy for their future family. They have been looking for houses in Westchester and Long Island, but none of them has lived up to Ethan's expectations. Now they find a house on Cedar Lane, but it's snowing heavily, so Ethan takes a different route to get to it. The house is huge and elegant and remote. It's two stories tall, plus an attic. The ceilings must be extremely high. The sides of the house are lined with pointed arch windows that give the house a cathedral-like feel. Ethan and Judy have only been married for a year, but they want to live in the house. They want to make an offer on the spot when Judy arrives.
Tricia and Ethan got stuck in the snow on their way to the house showing. Judy is already there. Tricia and Ethan are going to spend the night in the house. They will walk there. It's very cold and Tricia's boots are not snow-proof. She is wearing a Ralph Lauren wool coat and leather boots. She doesn't have gloves and she's not wearing any gloves. Ethan is wearing the black ski jacket he bought last month. He gives her a piggyback ride along the snow-covered path to the front door. She wants to wring his neck for making her do this, but he loves the house so she agrees to walk to it. She's starting to deeply regret all of her life choices.
Judy Teitelbaum is showing a house in a snowstorm. Ethan and his wife are looking for her, but she hasn't arrived yet. The first floor of the house is dark and there's no car on the property. Judy has been showing houses since before Ethan's birth. Ethan's phone signal went out, so it's possible she's trying to contact them now. They find a spare key under the welcome mat, but the key is cold and damp and is hidden under a potted plant.    They decide to go inside the house without Judy. They don't want to get caught in the snow, but at least they'll be in the house at least in the at least the house.
Judy and Ethan are looking for a house to buy. They are interested in a house with a huge living room, open floor plan and high ceilings. The asking price is low and the house is completely furnished. Judy and Ethan want to have the house inspected before they sign the contract. Judy doesn't want to buy a house her husband doesn't approve of because she has a bad feeling about it. The house has cobwebs in every corner of the living room and dust on every piece of furniture. Judy wouldn't leave a house this dusty, because it's against her religion.    The house should be worth four times as much as the asking price, but Ethan thinks it's not worth that much. He suggests they should have the place inspected by someone good.
The portrait of Dr. Adrienne Hale is hanging over the fireplace in Ethan's new home. She disappeared two years ago and her book The Anatomy of Fear dropped off the charts. Ethan doesn't want to talk about the painting. He finds out from the back cover that Dr. Hale was a shrink who got murdered three years ago. Ethan thinks they did eventually find her body somewhere.   He is not interested in the subject matter of the book he is looking for. He thinks it's about pop psychology and how they dealt with her patients. He doesn't agree with the title of her book, which is all about how they went through the horrible experiences they had with her and how she dealt with it. He does not want to read it.
Dr. Adrienne Hale's boyfriend probably killed her. Judy and Ethan are in the house of a dead woman. They find a footprint on the floor. Judy doesn't know if Judy will be here. Judy is starving. Ethan is checking if Judy's car is in the garage. Ethan doesn't have a spiritual side. He doesn't want to live in a house with a dead person. Judy thinks it's a good idea to buy a new house, but he doesn't think it would be that bad.    The house is filthy and cold. Judy shivers.  The footprints are not Judy's. They are Ethan and Judy's and they are creating a new dust pattern near the bookcase. They replace the book on the shelf.
Judy is showing a house to Tricia and Ethan. It's snowing heavily and they're afraid they might be stuck in the house for the night. They're going to get something to eat in the kitchen as the house is full of cobwebs and footprints. Tricia can't shake the horrible feeling that those green eyes in the portrait over the mantle are watching her as she goes to the kitchen to get some food for Ethan and Judy. They have an emergency supply kit in the trunk and they have some power bars in the car, so they'll probably be able to survive the night in this house.    The snow is coming down harder than it's ever been before and Ethan thinks their car is probably buried.